---
title: 'Data Clarity'
date: '2025-11-21'
excerpt: 'Thinking through the challenges of bespoke SQL, metric confusion, and ownership when building analytics for small businesses.'
featured: true
---

The date is November 21st, 2025. I think it'd be wise to start thinking about the problems that I see on a day-to-day basis as a business intelligence analyst, as someone who works with data on a daily basis, as someone who has been building small companies and needs to start building out analytics to inform decision-making on a very small scale, but similar in context to problems that small businesses, million-dollar businesses might face on a day-to-day basis when building out analytics.

1) The biggest issue for me right now when being faced with building out analytics is I want to use SQL because it gives me the flexibility, the adaptability that I need when building very, very specific metrics and tools, especially when trying to fit that into the mold that is a BI tool such as Tableau. The data requires it to be in a certain format to get certain visuals and so one kind of singular data model does not often fit the needs of what I need to build. And so custom SQL is the answer there — for speed, for accuracy, for just to make my life as an analyst easier.

The problem that that then presents is that there are so many bespoke and custom SQL queries that over time as multiple analysts on the team, multiple people, multiple requests get delivered upon, a lot of conflicting definitions of the same metric get invented and get released out into the wild. And then there's so much data sprawl that people don't know which is which, what numbers are truth. That is one of the biggest issues.

2) Another issue is that humans don't know what to call things, so people might actually be just confusing different names. For example, retention rate, renewal rate. Those are different things, but maybe two people just in their mind conflate those as the same thing and they build that out in the same way. So now we have two metrics that should be different that are not. And then you have the flip case where you might have someone build out renewal rate and now you have a calculation for renewal rate, you have a calculation for retention rate, and they're supposed to be different. But somebody who's an analyst mistakes renewal rate for retention rate. And then you can see how this kind of confusion happens. And it's really at the tribal knowledge level of what is what. When I say X, what does that mean in technical speak? When I say X, there should only be one definition in technical speak.

So it ultimately comes down to, as a company, as an entire collective group, what are the metrics that we care about? What do they mean in plain English? And how are they calculated technically speaking.

3) Another issue that I face as a data analyst is within my company it's building out a lot of different products or analyses or data models for people that think that they need something, but in reality they do not need it. When I say they do not need it, what I mean is that it's not helpful to them. They're just kind of using it for their own personal gain. For example, I have built so many dashboards, so many data models, and spent so much time building out dashboards for people just to prove to others that they are doing good work. So they'll ask for a very specific metric that shows whatever they're doing is making an impact on the company. It's great, but if the number looks bad they say, “Oh, we don't want it actually.” Now where does that put me?

I think companies have a really hard time understanding what metrics are important to them, which KPIs they should actually care about. And not only that, once they have the KPIs, what are the inputs that truly affect the outputs? That's hard to know. It's extremely hard to know, but a comprehensive analysis, something like a linear regression or some other kind of statistical analysis, can help inform those things and then you can track from there.

4) Another reason that building out data and analytics at a company is really difficult is that stakeholders, or nobody, takes ownership of data. So when data goes wrong and it becomes inaccurate, either because of a system error or a manual error, because it's entered incorrectly into the CRM by a human, nobody takes ownership of it, nobody knows how to fix it, and it just gets swept under the rug.

5) Another issue is that data pipelines are very structured and rigid, just like software. With any input, you will get the same output. But if the inputs change, such as an additional field value, or a changed field value. Or the field gets deleted, it may break the entire pipeline. Pipelines expect a very specific type of input.

6) it's constantly shifting priorities within a company. You build out a new pricing plan, so you need to analyze this pricing plan, so all of the old data is kind of like it's not useless, but people don't care about it anymore. You build out this new dashboard to analyze this new pricing model, but in many ways it doesn't have a direct comparison to the old pricing model, and now you have trouble comparing the two. Maybe you don't even want to compare the two, but now you have two dashboards that are essentially the same thing just based on different pricing models. People get confused about conflicting definitions. I don't know how to solve these sorts of issues.

Fundamentally, data is used to answer questions. Why are less people signing up than before? Is it seasonality or is it a change that I made? When you're building a business, there are so many different moving parts. You want to make sure that any changes you make and you're going to make changes aren't affecting the bottom line, but it's nearly impossible. So many moving parts, so many moving pieces, and it gets worse as you scale. And to answer those questions, let's go back to the example of is it seasonality? Is it a change that I made? Oftentimes, the only way we can answer that question is with data, because there's nothing else that we can go off of. Maybe there's you can talk to customers. But going off of cold hard data, quantitative data is the best way to go about it. But it's hard to know one, which data to track to answer your question. Then we need to implement that tracking. And once you implement that tracking, it's how do we build out that data pipeline? How do we analyze the information? And how do we make sure that whatever we're looking at supports one side or the other? It's a really difficult process.

The hardest part about data isn't the technical side of it. The hard part about data is knowing what to measure, and then once you get the data, how do you make sense of it in a way that alter the trajectory of your business. Because just knowing is good for peace of mind, but without action it's just taking up space in your brain. Or on a dashboard.