---
title: "Sick Day"
date: "2025-10-20"
excerpt: "Taking a day off with Abby and reflecting on building in public with Dugout Edge."
---

Took a sick day today. Can't shake this bug I have. Gave it to Abby too so we both took the day off. Just laying in bed. Went outside because it was a beautiful day. Unfortunately wasn't as productive as I wanted to be with Dugout Edge but hey not every day is going to be elite. The key is showing up and putting in the time when you can.

Still really thinking about how I can make it easy for myself to start showing my work and putting myself out there. If I'm going to commit to Dugout Edge I need to commit to building in public. I do wonder if this is a bad idea though. If anyone will potentially copy my ideas and use them against me. I sort of doubt anyone will care or anyone will find it though. The pros probably outweigh the cons.

Anyways, going to keep this one short so I can spend more time working on Dugout Edge. Really been procrastinating on the practice plans and filling out the Drill Library. I'll probably need the rest of the week to get that done and done right. I need to make use of Canva while I have it. I should brainstorm what sorts of assets I need to make. I should give myself a goal of finishing the practice planner by the time I leave for Switzerland. Then I feel like my site will be in a good spot for spring and maybe I can utilize December for building my next project: hats, show your work, or a website for college baseball sports betting...
