---
title: 'Reflecting on Formats and Purpose'
date: '2025-11-04'
excerpt: 'Trying voice instead of video, a fatal Dugout Edge mistake, automating my daily habits, and questioning what I really want.'
featured: true
---

Okay, the date is November 4th, 2025, it's Tuesday. Have a lot to discuss here on this daily journal. I've already attempted to record myself on video. But my fear is that with video, I'm a lot more concerned with how I look. How I sound. And it detracts from the message and the actual content and meaning of what I'm trying to get across in these daily journals. Both to whoever's reading, listening, watching. And then to myself. So maybe going back to voice is maybe that's the optimal form for me. Don't know yet. Mostly, maybe I'll try a couple of these. See how it goes. I think video is definitely more memory intensive. And these tend to last 5 minutes, 6 minutes, and I don't think anybody's going to watch that.

A couple things I want to talk about. So Dugout Edge, one. Fatal mistake that I made about a month and a half ago. And then 2 is kind of just this whole process of sharing my work. Creating content. And how I can automate that. Because I do feel like I need to record my life, my thoughts, but I don't want to burden myself, and I also just don't have the time. I think I should focus on building. You know, a company. As opposed to building a following. I think that, you know, building a following is incredible. Is smart. It's a good investment, but maybe it's not necessary for what I'm trying to accomplish. Don't trying to figure that out.

Okay. So, for Dugout Edge. Last night I discovered that I made a fatal flaw. When I redirected my. I used to put the lineup generator at the default backslash route. I don't know what to call it. But that's what was building all of the page authority for lineup generators and it was, believe it or not, ranking number one on Google. After you got two, 3 months. But once I started gaining traction, I thought, okay, I need to grow this thing. I'm not just a lineup generator. I don't want the lineup generator to be at the default homepage location. So, I set up the lineup generator page, moved all the content there, and then redirected the homepage link to the lineup generator.

And what happened was, I didn't realize that this was going to be a problem on Google. So Google penalized me for this and it threw a no index tag on my lineup generator page, and so while I was still getting a ton of clicks, I didn't really notice that over the last month and a half. But I made this change, I think, September 19th. So about a month and a half, the traffic to that page has just been steadily declining. I also have not gotten nearly as many sign ups. I got about 30 sign ups in September. And I think I maybe got 3 signups or 4 signups in October. And I kind of chalked that up to just seasonality. The fact that people aren't playing baseball as much, you know, fall ball already started in September. In October, it's kind of coming to a close. November, it's over with. So that may have played a factor, but I definitely think that this kind of page indexing issue was a huge cause for the decline. But now I know I'm starting over. No redirect. Just gonna start the lineup generator page from scratch. It's the exact same. So, you know, hopefully it has some historical authority and plus people were still clicking it. So I think, we'll hopefully recognize that.

Yeah, look at this. It's already been 6 minutes, so I'm gonna continue speaking.

The next topic, some sort of automation. I mean, honestly, I would love to just automate the entire process of, you know, my daily morning habit, which is, wake up, write down what I'm thankful for. Who I am and what will make it a great day. Then I have my to do list, and I have my calendar. And then I have my journal entry, right? So just, like, one place that I can go, I can just talk it all out. It'll organize it for me. Because they're really not that difficult to do nowadays. Then. You know, once I have that. It'll just be, like, a digital journal for me. And then maybe the hope with that is that I don't even have to do anything else. I just have to talk to it, upload videos, type to it, and, you know, everything will just be recorded for me in a nice organized format using AI and then it could even auto post for me to my website.

Here are the things I need to keep in mind. And I want, I want to build, I want to scale. One, which I need to be helpful to other people. I need to be useful, provide value to others. Don't think about anything else other than helping other people. Two. I can help other people by helping myself. Build solutions for myself, and then share it with others. Fair where I'm learning. How to ensure I'm not getting fat as a 30 year old? Literally counting calories. Eating whole food. All right, it works. If you close your own food, count your own calories. It's impossible to get fat. Like, literally impossible. Right, so I, those are the things I need to think about. And then 3rd is leaving digital breadcrumbs, right? If it's not online, it didn't happen. So I need to figure out a way to automate the process of posting content. Posting my life. That's quality of course. Must be quality, without sacrificing too much time, and then having it consumed me because content is extremely time consuming. But it's also one of the most valuable skills we learned today.

I really need to start taking in less input and using my own brain and my own thoughts as the input as opposed to filling those spaces with inputs such as social media or podcasts, videos, TV. I need to take inputs from the real world. From my own eyes, my own ears, my own senses, as opposed to thoughts being, as my mind, as opposed to my mind being invaded by thoughts, coming from other people. I need to do my own thing anymore. I need to listen to my own brain more. I think I need, I think that's why meditation is very, very important, and I think that people think of meditation as, like, some sort of, you know, Indian guru. He just sits down, just is basically sleeping, but no, I think the key to meditation is that you start to get in tune with your own thoughts. And when you get in tune with your own thoughts, you start to think for yourself, understand how your brain works. And subconsciously throughout your day to day, you are able to kind of separate what is reality versus thoughts and use that to your advantage when it comes to things like stressful situations. Stressful situations, you, your brain starts telling you these things. And there are oftentimes very negative. Very emotional, very stressful responses. No, you can't do this. You're going to run out of time. You're going to lose your job. You're going to get fat, right? All of these different things that are very negative in nature, but once you once you start meditating, you start being able to listen to your own thoughts. You understand that your thoughts are not who you are. Your thoughts are just thoughts. And similar to other people's opinions, voices, you can also filter your thoughts. Because once you realize that your thoughts are not reality, you can start to separate them into, okay, you can take a third party kind of perspective and say, this thought is a bad thought. It happened. There's a reason why it happened. But it's not reality.

So, yeah, I've gone on a big tangent here, but I really think that I need to listen to myself more. I need to get more comfortable with hearing myself, instead of others, I think we like to fill the silence because it's more stimulated oftentimes to hear other people speak or to get inputs, whether that's through reading, listening, watching, those inputs are a lot more stimulating than the world around us. But by paying attention to the world around us, we get to practice using our own brain to fill those gaps as opposed to filling those with external 3rd party noise, so to speak.

The topic that I like to talk about is being introspective about whether or not it really should be so focused on building a business, building a company and participating in what we call capitalism. Is ultimately that's what I'm thinking about. I'm purely interested in this, I think, for the money. I don't think I have some sort of higher calling to help the world and bring value. It just, it sounds fun to me. And I think that's okay. But at the same time, sometimes I just think about, how, you know, maybe I would be better off just having fun. Working my day job. Living in San Francisco. Showing on weekdays, maybe, you know, going out for drinks, smoking, just having a good time. I don't know. I really just don't know. I guess I need to really question what it is that I really want. What I want out of my life, if I want to help people, do I want to help, how I want to help them? I'm not sure I know that, just yet. I'm not sure I feel called to any certain purpose. Like, I know that I can help people. But I don't know if I feel this strong urge or desire to, you know, I haven't felt anything that magnetizing, maybe it's to entertain people, to make people laugh. I know that's one thing I've always loved, is you know, wanting to make people laugh. And making sure other people are having a good time. But, you know, maybe life isn't meant to be that way. Maybe my purpose is something else. Like just getting super jacked. Don't know. Clearly, I'm just lost here. I feel like everything I do is a little bit selfish in nature, so I wonder what I can do to help people. And if I want to help you, I think I enjoy helping people, like at my job. Explaining how to do things. I do like helping people. I definitely do. So why is it that I don't feel compelled? I don't know.

