---
title: '2026 Goals Brainstorming'
date: '2025-12-22'
excerpt: '2026 Goals Brainstorming'
---

Today I'm going to take less of a journaled approach and use my time to fill out a couple of lists. I'd like to start planning my 2026 goals about a week in advance so that I have a good list to choose from when it comes time to write them out down. So I'll be creating that list today as I come up with things and think about them. I also wrote down a quote that I think will spark a lot of ideas within me. And then lastly, my five ideas a day. Maybe this journal doesn't need to be so much of a rambling dialogue or monologue. Maybe it can be more of a list. And it helps me think about how I can create a digital tool for myself to simulate my morning routine. And I think more about this sort of to do list journal morning routine kind of software to help other people in that it will use LLMs to help you keep track of your goals. So your to do list, your morning affirmations, your calendar for the day in relation to your longer term goals, be that weekly, monthly, yearly decade. And it will also be sort of a customization tool where you can add different things that you'd like to make habits that you'd like to start your day off with. It might look like check boxes such as, make your bed, brush your teeth. These would be those recurring goals. Then you have your quote of the day. Maybe you can select from a quote, quote of the day. Then there's a freeform journaling section. Then lastly, maybe you can have something like your five ideas a day. Roll those out. Just general exercises (mental or physical) that you want to accomplish on a one-time or recurring basis. Reminders. Customize it. Prettify it. I think I should build this system for myself. Auto push to be bbranton.com. Auto format into a beautiful display. Auto tweet and share. Auto post on tiktok. Reminders for later. Build all these functions and use an LLM to control it. And then I can think about how I can commoditize that and share it with others. The hardest part will be getting others interested. 

## My 2026 General Goals:

1. Workout Done by 8am (in bed by 10pm)
2. Dugout Edge $1K MRR
3. Find a hobby with my hands
4. Find a regular weekly sport
5. Find a community of entrepreneurs and participate
6. Write down all my problems instead of all my ideas
7. Slow Heartbeat Mornings
8. Hangout with the guys once a week

Realization of the day: "I like building things that are helpful for other people and making them laugh" 

Quote of the day: "Distribution will always beat product". I need to spend more time building my distribution channels and sales funnels. My time should be split 50/50 between Distribution and Product.

Reminder for later: "Remember to do a quarterly review powered by AI"

5 Ideas:

1. Analog alarm clock store. Waking yourself abruptly to the nuclear bomb shelt alarm on your iphone can't be good for you. A better way to wake.

2. An interchangeable tea tap for your house that disperses hot flavored tea right from your sink.

3. Posture Cohorts and Classes like exercise classes for your posture. Posture QX

4. Pidgin GPT. Build a Hawaii based AI consultancy where we implement solutions for businesses looking for efficiencies. Catered specifically to Hawaii based businesses. Pidgin Voice agent/customer service to start.

5. I want a place for all my questions to chat gpt (with branching conversations and clean UI enabled), all my notes, all my reminders, all my to-do's, all my goals, all my lists, my calendar. I want that second brain all in one place. Basically want a front-end for all my AI interactions including Claude Code and Chat GPT and anything else even non-AI interactions.


5 Problems:

1. Disneyland: We had the hardest time accurately counting people. Broken turnstiles, people sneaking under. Plus one riders.

2. Had to send surveys to guests to get a sense of which experiences they like the best

3. All of my conversations with AI and my thoughts are fragmented, seperated and eventually lost in the ether.

4. 