# June 23, 2026

I've been really bad at remembering to do these journal entries, but I wanted to do one today to just spill all my thoughts that I've had over the last couple of days or weeks where I haven't really done a lot of journaling.

This weekend in Tahoe was a good weekend. It was nice, it was fun hanging out with Abby's family. It's always insightful, always a joy hanging out with her family — although, and I hate to say this but I just don't have other words to describe it, it's not the most enjoyable time, as in, you know, I'd probably rather be hanging out with my own friends or my own family. But it's still a good time. We have nice, wholesome family time talking, asking good questions, exploring our relationships with one another in a way that I don't typically do with my family or my friends, and it's refreshing.

Abby's dad, Mr. Mejia, always asks great questions. While sometimes he's a little over the top in his metaphors, in his frameworks, there are things that make you think, that make you reflect, things that make you introspect that are ultimately great questions to be asking. And I always feel somewhat inspired or energized as a result of our conversations — not necessarily because of any insight that he provided or advice that he gave. So for example, he was really talking about his rule of thirds. And while it's a little bit of baloney — you know, of course there are different stages in life and you need to be in the present while also planning for the future, it's a very straightforward lesson — somehow this is starting to jumpstart within me the idea that I'm between my first third and my second third, and now is the time to take that risk. Because in the second third, you're not really taking risks anymore, and now is the time to do it before I settle down, before I have a family, in an effort to prepare myself for that second and third third.

Two other thoughts that I had. I'm just going to speak them out loud because I want to make sure I cover them in this journal entry even though time is short.

The first is I want to record myself making a video of myself as if I have quit my job, just to see what it's like, to see what it would be like to just go all in and commit myself to it and post it on the internet. I won't actually post it, but I just want to see what the video would look like — to kind of make it real to myself, because I think that that is what I would do if I quit my job. I'd go all in. I'd build content, maybe. Maybe it would just be a distraction because I spend too much time on it and I wouldn't actually build stuff.

And then the third thing that I wanted to talk about is that I would like to continue building this framework for me of this second brain. I think that I've spent all of this time creating these voice recordings, creating these journal entries, and I have them all in MP3 files and Markdown files. And I really believe that I can create an AI that is trained on my data. And I think that is what beaubranton.com needs to become. I think that this would be a really cool way to one, just kind of build something; two, maybe create an AI agent that just thinks like me, works like me, talks like me; three, I just think that it will be a great project and something that I would like to build out. Especially because — or not especially because, but — I just feel the need to digitize my whole morning routine of recording my to-do list and journaling and having all of my thoughts digitized, so that I can index them later when I need them, understand what I was thinking in these times. It's extremely useful. And I think it's really good practice to speak out loud, to record myself. And I think that that is what I want to continue to do.

My hunger for the result outweighs my comfort for the moment.
