# March 12, 2026

Just really isn't enough time in the day, is there? They tell you to work out. They tell you to practice mindfulness, meditation, your breathing. Work on your posture, your stretching. Also get 10,000 steps a day. Get outside. Make sure you stretch. Don't sit down too much. Don't use the phone too much. Then you gotta work. Work your job. Cook your food, do your chores, do your laundry, clean up the house. Really is incredible.

Trying to implement a morning routine. It's gotten away from me. Overall I'm happy with where I'm at. I'm very thankful. The job allows me to take the time to do these things. I sit down, I speak my journal, I set my intentions in the first hours of the day. I listen to what I'm feeling in the moment. Most mornings I get my morning workout.

I think that I need to really be more intentional about starting the day with these sorts of mindfulness routines. Meditation, just sitting with my breath, being in the moment - I think it will pay dividends for me.

Super Whisper has been acting a little bit funny. You can see in this journal entry that things didn't get communicated clearly. I had a really good speech. I had a really good thought process, but honestly it's okay because I think it was more about the process of getting it out of my head and onto paper and practicing speaking, tone, voice, emotion. That's what's important in this daily practice of journaling to me. But I think I need to also investigate Super Whisper and how well that is working at the moment.

One more thing - I really need to spend a lot more time away from the computer, away from my phone, purely for posture. I'm constantly looking down half of my waking hours or looking at a screen, craning my neck over and it's just detrimental to my health and my well-being. I can barely even breathe right. When I breathe in and I breathe out it doesn't feel smooth, it feels like it's stuck and I have to kind of fight through the breath purely I think because of my posture. When I breathe in and out there's like a bit of - I wouldn't call it wheezing from my lungs, but it's like somewhere in between from my nose to the top of my neck to my tracks. It's like the breath gets stuck causing a little bit of sound. Just something to be mindful of and to pay attention to as I go throughout my daily life because I really need to work on my posture. It's so, so important.