# March 20, 2026

I really need to spend more time sitting with my own thoughts, being less distracted. I think that meditation is a good way to practice this. Every time I meditate, I think about how much I'm thinking about other things, how many different thoughts run through my mind, and how it's just jumping from one thought to the next. It makes me realize how ADD my brain actually is. So I think that this practice can really help me learn to push aside those thoughts. It's training the muscle of how to resist those intrusive thoughts and stay focused on the present moment and the task at hand, which is just breathing, sitting there with thoughts, and relaxing the body so that the mind can rest as well.

I always say this when I meditate, and maybe I just need to start meditating lying down, but how much discomfort my body feels in a seated position. I think it's that forward head posture. It's the tight upper body and the chest, the traps, and the neck. I just need to be a little bit more intentional about stretching, strengthening those muscles, and moving with light, relaxing, slow, but alleviating movements, as opposed to just high-stress, high-strain muscle-building movements.

I know I have the ability to breathe smoothly and clearly, but it doesn't always come natural and easy, especially when I'm in the seated position. I've been feeling a little bit under the weather, so today I'm going to take a break from lifting and exercising. I'm probably still trying to get into the gym and do my yoga, maybe do a little bit of walking and a little bit of sauna. Hopefully that should ease the tension that I've been feeling and that I'm just holding within me.

Gosh, I sound like a yoga instructor, a Buddhist monk, but honestly, there's a reason why these sorts of people exist. You can make fun of them all if you want, but I'm sure there are a lot of practices and a lot of wisdom that they possess because they felt a certain way. I think that at the end of the day, all of these beliefs, these practices, these religions are all in an effort to reduce suffering. So I think that if I can take certain bits and elements that I like and bring that into my own life, I can achieve a higher form of being and reduce my own personal suffering as well.

I haven't yet checked, but I'm thinking that I might be getting close to 100 paying customers, which is super, super exciting. I probably have to wait about another week, and hopefully all of those people who converted at about a 60 to 70% clip on my free trials will turn into about 100 paying subscribers. I believe I've got about 75 right now. So a lot to look forward to, but a lot to build on, and a lot of momentum to carry forward.

A couple of things that I want to build just to solve my own problems: one is I would like to build some sort of application, some sort of system where I either connect to my car's Bluetooth or I throw a Tile into my car, and then I map that to street parking APIs so that I can determine when my car is going to be getting a ticket or not. The second one is I just want a quick daily report, similar to how my Garmin tells me every morning after I sleep. I want to know how often I was distracted and how often I was just checking my phone.

Hopefully this could sync across all my devices, my TV, my laptop, my phone. It would probably just start with my phone. If I'm not using my phone for productive things, then it would be able to count how many hours I spend or waste, and then also how many times I pick up my phone. I think that would be very eye-opening for me.

There's really no need to spend any time at all, maybe 10 to 15 minutes decompressing if I just want a little break, but other than that I shouldn't be just picking up my phone if I'm doing deep work. I notice that when I'm coding, I often send my message, I pick up my phone, and I probably lose 5 to 10 minutes. I also lose my train of thought as well, which probably just compounds into more lost time, additional context switching, and overall just loss of productivity.

It's probably just better to continue thinking about what I was doing, maybe move into a similar task in a different tangential space, and then maybe work on that hard for 30 minutes. Then I can get distracted and look at my phone for 10 to 15 minutes. It's probably a much more productive way of doing things.

That's a huge focus for me right now: stopping the context switching, stopping the shiny object syndrome, and trying to do many, many things at once. I think it's absolutely proven that people are better when they focus on one task at a time and do things in series as opposed to doing things in parallel.

