# June 24, 2026

I was up a little late last night thinking about shooting for the stars, dreaming bigger, going bigger — and a lot about my mom and how scared she must feel. And how it makes me just want to do better.

I need to admit to myself that I've taken the easy way out. I've taken the path of least resistance. And I know that what's best for me, what's right for me, is to make myself uncomfortable. To do the hard things. Back when I was in college, I did these things. I put myself out of my comfort zone. I went to info sessions. I met with people. I understood what needed to be done and I did those things.

And I go back and forth now over whether or not I know what those things are that need to get done. I know that I need to be shooting for a bigger idea. I know I need to be meeting with people. But I wonder if, you know, maybe I'm smarter and I just know that that doesn't fit my wants and my personality. Or if I'm just being lazy and I'm not being honest with myself about what needs to be done and what needs to be accomplished. Because I can just talk to Claude Code all day. I can build on the computer. I can build digitally. But if I want to build something big and actually help the world, provide value, I wonder if it needs to be at a bigger scale. And it needs more people. I need to actually talk to people face to face and put myself out there. Or at least put my face out there into the digital world.

I think those are the things that I need to learn myself, or partner with someone on sales and marketing. I need to either learn how to sell at an enterprise level or market at an enterprise level with social media. And I think I'm capable of both of those things. I'm just, thus far in my life, unwilling to put myself out there. So do I know what needs to get done? Or am I just having trouble doing it? Or do I just not know? You know, that's kind of what I'm facing right now.

In either case, I am definitely just running out of time. And I don't know if Dugout Edge has grown to a point where I would really feel comfortable taking that leap. So maybe I think about some of these other ideas. Gosh, I'm just not sure. Like next season, I don't know how I'll get more customers if SEO is my only way of customer acquisition. I need to build out my other social media channels. I need to run ads. But I don't think the ads are high ROI at all. But I just never even tested them. I just need to test more. I need to try more. I learn by doing.
