# July 13, 2026

Again, it just feels like these days are flying by. I think back to a quote that I saw — I feel like it was said by Sam Altman — that by the time you're 20, relative to the speed at which your mind replays things back to you, you have lived half of your life. Because from ages 0 to 20, those 20 years have been your whole life. But when you're 40, ages 20 to 40 have been half your life and 0 to 20 has been the other half. So when you're 20, 0 to 20 feels like a lot longer than 20 to 40 will. Even though both periods were 20 years, by the time you're finished experiencing them, the proportion of your life that they are and have been changes how you interpret and experience them. And that's why, as you age, life feels like it goes by faster and faster. And I'm really feeling that.

And I feel like I'm sort of just letting life pass me by a little bit. I feel like I'm in the passenger seat. I'm being a little bit lackadaisical about what I want. And I think the truth is that I don't really know what I want. Maybe I have this vision of what I want, which is this stress-free, fun, low-stress life. I've said that again, so let me repeat that: a no-stress, low-stress, carefree, fun and enjoyable life.

Right now I feel like I'm missing adventure. I'm missing a purpose. But I do feel like right now what's fun for me is working on Dugout Edge, trying to become an entrepreneur. But I feel like there's so many more people to meet, so many more things to see. At the same time, it's niching down, it's dedicating your life to a craft, a purpose, that I feel like will help you ultimately succeed. And so I don't know. Is it success that I want?

I feel like society makes me feel like I need or want and should be striving towards a single goal and putting 100% of my effort there. Whereas right now I sort of feel like I'm just floundering around. I have a great life. I have nothing to complain about. I hardly care about finances. I have a great network of family and friends. Everyone in my life is healthy — while that might change in the next couple of years, at this very moment I have it all.

On weekends I hang out with my friends. I go have a good time, drink whenever I want, smoke whenever I want. And while those aren't all the healthiest habits, they are fun. I go eat out at whatever restaurants I want, travel a couple of times a year. I'm in relatively good shape. I could be in better shape, but it's like — what is it I want? Do I want to focus on my health? How do I want to spend my time on this earth? It's something that I'm really, really, really debating internally right now.
