# July 14, 2026

Your thoughts are not your actions. Your actions are your actions. What I mean by that is that we spend a lot of time creating this vision of ourselves through our thoughts, our concerns, through our mind. We have this idea of who we want to be, who we're going to become, our goals, our wishes, our wants. Yet those are all internal. If someone followed you for a month and just observed you and what you did, how you lived your life, the actions that you took, and didn't have a clue about anything that you said, anything that you thought, what would they see? It's a really important question to ask yourself, because what you do is a much more realistic representation of who you are than what you say you're going to do, or what you think, or even how you portray yourself to others. Actions speak louder than words. Just a thought as I go about my daily life — what are the things that I'm constantly doing? What are the habits that I've built for myself? What are the good and the bad habits? Where do I give in to temptation, and where do I stay disciplined?

My new role on my new team under my new manager has already been more stressful in the last couple of weeks than they have been this entire year. I think it's the stress of wanting to impress somebody, working with new people, getting pulled into brand new tasks that I haven't had to do before. And while I do think that I have a skill for "strategic BI," I don't know if it's how I want to be spending my time. I can already tell that I'm not going to be having the amount of time to do the things that I want to do on a daily basis — such as work on Dugout Edge, get my workout in, meditate. And so I see that window of time, that short window where I had a really, really forgiving, low-stress job — that window is shrinking, and I can see it's almost about to close.

I hosted a dinner party tonight at our house with some of our closest friends in San Francisco. In reality, Jeff and Ash hosted the dinner party, but it was a blast. It was a good time. Had Ziki over. Had a few beers, ate a little bit more than I wanted to, but it was all with good company, so nothing too crazy, nothing to be disappointed about, really. Hopefully this kicks off our theme of dinner parties that we host on a monthly basis, rotating between friends.
