# April 22, 2026

I've been getting a little bit sidetracked lately. Can't stop thinking about other projects, new things to work on, shiny object syndrome again and again. I felt inspired yesterday, going to Nines funeral, thinking about the lessons that I learned from that man. You can sleep when you're dead, attention to detail, moving them pups. Just how to do things the right way, always. How you do anything is how you do everything. Those sorts of lessons. It inspires me to want to be great. This morning I woke up to a rude realization that I spent $277 in Google API credits. Using the Places API. Klot Code told me that I had $200 in free credits, but this was changed in 2025 where they now do it based on the SKU. Basically there were a couple of tasks which is one, scraping all over the data from Google Places. I'm creating a batting case directory, so getting the reviews, the ratings, the location, the images and all that. That was the most costly bit. There's actually querying the different places. I only queried about a thousand facilities so that I didn't hit the free usage limit there. Every time an image gets invoked from the Google Places API, I have 5,000 free requests there. I only hit 128, but when it came to invoking the reviews and basically places information, data pool that I charged that 12,000 times, I only had a thousand free requests. I learned the hard way that I need to be more cognizant when using APIs, especially when there's a cost associated to these APIs and a free tier associated. These API businesses are super, super valuable, super good businesses because everybody needs data. I think they're just more and more valuable today than ever because now agents can find them, they can discover them, they can query them, and it's instantaneous. It's a much needed part of workflows. Maybe there's a place to build an API marketplace or at least a directory of APIs so that agents, when looking for an API, looking for a certain data set, they go to my directory, tells them exactly what endpoint they need to pull, the pricing information, all of that. It all gets updated for them real time. I charge them pennies. Interesting business model.