---
title: "ClawdBot, Trust, and the Human Loop"
date: '2026-01-31'
excerpt: "Reflections on Clawdbot (Open Claw), and the importance of trust and reputation in the age of AI. Thoughts on removing humans from the loop and the waste it creates."
draft: true
---

January 31st, 2026

Went on a nice run this morning. Learned a little bit about the clawd bot madness that's going on. Listen to the Startup Ideas podcast for my information. It's interesting to think that there's so much information out there, but it's brand. It's a face. It's a reputation that had me going to Greg Isenberg first because I know that I can trust him. I really think that in this new world of AI slop, unlimited code generation it's brand, it's trust, and it's reputation that will win and ultimately succeed in this new generation.

I'm still trying to figure out if Claudebot or now known as Open Claw is a big unlock or just all hype. Certainly, multbook seems to be just a viral blip on the radar, agents talking to each other. Not too different than what we saw on Twitter about a year ago with some of these crypto bots like AIXBT. It's just a different platform. Not my own thoughts, but definitely agree and pointed out by biology in a Twitter thread. I need to try and play with Claude bought. I think that there is definitely some unlock there because it kind of takes the human out of the loop, which is kind of what everybody wants, which I think is what's making everything blow up on Twitter about it. I think it's why it's so popular, but I think the fact of the matter is that once you take the human out of the loop, the quality degrades significantly and I've seen that even when I am in the loop. The quality is not there without me guiding it. And I think that removing the human in the loop is not actually what you want right now. It's a fun experiment and it's a fun thought experiment and it works, right? The open claw bot seems to run repeatedly. It's like Ralph. It's like Claude bought. And that's what people love about it. But at the same time, I don't see it actually building out too much value. In my mind, it's actually just burning credits. It's burning energy. And I'm actually afraid that this is all just kind of waste. There's some value being created here, but in many cases, that's concentrated to the 1%. 99% is all just wasted electricity, wasted credits, wasted tokens, which I suppose in many ways that's just kind of how the game of life works, right? 99% of species die out and through survival of the fittest, the ones that actually provide value, the ones that actually function over form, those are the ones that live on and succeed and get passed down through multiple generations.
